Cover every square inch.
-Over here.
-Here.
I don't want you to leave
any stone unturned.
-Let's remove the ice.
-Take good notes.
Well. they found some stuff over there.
There is absolutely
no skin tissue remaining.
so the cause of death is unknown.
Even so. there are no broken bones
or signs of homicide.
And judging by the shape
of the pelvic bone. it's male.
In his twenties or thirties.
-A male. you said?
-Yes.
JOHN DOE
"Twenties or thirties…"
Kang Ji-hwon.
Watch out for that there.
Find everything that can be used
to compare DNA.
-Copy.
-Yes. sir.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Viagra?
Not long ago. a dead body
with its face horribly disfigured
was found in the sewer.
Victim's name is Sarah Kim.
There were no signs of resistance.
so we suspect it to be the work
of someone known to the victim.
FUCK IT. I LOVE YOU
The two of you had a close relationship.
didn't you?
I sense that you have
quite a bit to say to me.
When did you get that scratch
on your hand?
Mr. Kang Ji-hwon?
Nothing in this life stays secret forever.
I…
I killed her.
One more drink!
-Yeah!
-Let's do another one.
Weak sauce! Weak! You're so weak!
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Hell yeah! That's how you do it.
-Eun-jae was my high roller.
-Wait. Eun-jae? Not Mok Ga-hui?
Yeah. Kim Eun-jae.
Her Korean name is Eun-jae.
Uh. wait. Mok Ga-hui?
Mok Ga-hui? Shit. is that her real name?
Mok Ga-hui wasn't her given name either.
Her education and work experience
listed on her résumé were all fake.
MOK GA-HUI
She cleverly took advantage of the fact
that people don't properly check résumés.
That means she most likely used
a similar strategy on you.
Oh no.
Nah. you're wrong.
I approached her first. actually.
Oh God.
I don't know you.
Your name is?
Kim Eun-jae.
Well. it's good to meet you.
I'm Kang Ji-hwon.
Not "won" though. It's "hwon."
I heard that people use the name
of the person they hate most
for their alias here.
That true?
Wait. wait. where did you hear that?
So who is Kang Ji-hwon?
Feel kinda bad for them.
It's my real name.
Well. the guy that you pity
shall get you a drink.
I only dealt with married women
because. you know.
married women tend to open
their wallets and hearts more readily
than single people.
So. then. you mean…
Uh-huh.
Eun-jae?
She was married.
You been to this kinda place?
It's awkward
'cause it's your first time. right?
THE ART OF SARAH
KIM EUN-JAE
-Ah. fuck.
-What's up?
-She ghosted you?
-You're fuckin' up my cig.
The fuck you eating for
when I'm trying to smoke?
-Christ.
-Hey. jeez.
-God. dude.
-Chill out with the attitude. fuckhead.
Leave him be.
He put all this effort into making a move
and got stiffed.
This guy's a full-on has-been now.
-Hey. shut the fuck up. asshole.
-Easy. easy.
-It's all good.
-Chill out.
Shit.
Let go.
I NEED YOUR HELP
Fuck.
-What the…
-God damn it. man. What's going on?
Over here.
Take 'em off.
Wait. you…
Out here?
Shoes. please.
Uh. my bad.
So were you. uh. rushing to get out?
Here.
You didn't even put shoes on.
Uh. make sure to pay me double
for the house call.
And if you call me for this kind--
-Run.
-Wait. where…
Did you really run away from home
for some tteokbokki?
Husband doesn't let me eat
this kinda thing.
He keeps me on a strict diet.
Your husband. what's his line of work?
Do you know Hong Seong-sin?
Hong Seong-sin?
Jesus. how could I not know
about that guy?
Detective. half the guys
working in this field owe that bastard.
I mean. do the math!
People know to pay him back.
And what about you?
What kinda money did you owe?
Well…
What. I need to tell you
personal info now?
What's so great about that fuck boy?
Why are you with the guy?
Bro got dirt on you or something?
He requires no form of explanation.
When I'm with him. I also feel no need
to require an explanation.
You're speaking pretty casual now.
You seem younger. so I'm loose.
I'm 33.
I'm 38.
Oh. come on. No. you aren't. Nuh-uh.
You can't fool this dude.
If there's one thing
I've never been wrong about.
it's a girl's age.
Hmm. What do you know
about girls. Ji-hwon?
There may be some who lower their age.
but none who raise it.
You think I don't know
anything about girls? Huh?
Did you really call me this late
to grub on tteokbokki. Sarah?
Wasn't it to pluck with a man
who's younger than you?
You're coming off cheap.
Acting all innocent in this industry
will only make you dead weight.
You were the only one I could reach.
CONTACTS
HUSBAND. CAR KEYS
-Miss. give the change to him. please.
-Thank you. miss.
Wait. where you going?
Home.
All of a sudden. why?
Wow. that one's a drag.
She really does think I'm that cheap.
But that's a bunch of horseshit.
I'll take the change.
Here. Have a good night.
Hey. wait! Hey! Oh shit.
Pork belly?
HEADING OUT NOW. ICED AMERICANO?
JUST ARRIVED. I'M HERE
We gonna run away together?
I was kidding around.
I won't ask you for any cash.
Just stay out for one more hour.
Mm.
Take it.
What is it?
Wait. this is…
Nah. I can't. This is way too much to take
for being a runaway's friend.
Thanks. but I'll just
accept the sentiment.
Accept my gift.
Exchange it if you don't want it.
-Ah shit!
-Damn it.
Bring the money
while I'm still asking nicely.
Christ's sake.
YOUR GOLDEN PARTNER
I think that's when it started.
I only knew to pour water into alcohol.
WHALE 3
But then I started giving it
my all at work for the first time.
KIM EUN-JAE
Take your time eating that. Slow down.
-Mm.
-Here.
Mm.
Wait a minute.
You kidding me?
-Really. it's nothing.
-Are you a… Hang on. wait.
I know so many junkies.
These are…
So I could recognize them right away.
Track marks.
And those bruises?
-Pulled the damn trigger.
-That asshole do this to you?
Does that shithead make you do
fucking drugs on top of everything else?
I said it wasn't like that.
What are you talking about.
"It's not like that"?
Seriously. are you kidding?
Are you for real?
You're pretending that's normal?
Why do you live like this?
The fuck's going on?
That fucker. he…
Should I handle it?
What?
That cocksucker?
I'll actually murder the guy.
As long as that bastard was dead.
Eun-jae would inherit all of his assets.
That was…
that was what I thought had to happen
in order for everyone to be happy.
In that moment.
did you murder Hong Seong-sin?
No.
Wasn't able to.
Run away. Now.
Eun-jae!
Eun-jae! Eun-jae!
Careful. Easy. easy.
Okay. we're here.
Thank you.
I thought I'd turned and run far away.
But looking around.
I found myself in the same place.
I thought the first snow had arrived.
but… it was actually Eun-jae.
I NEED YOUR HELP
Eun-jae… changed over the span
of a few years.
Like her personality and speech
and the things that she wore.
Even
her name. of all things.
Sarah Kim.
She said she ran off
as soon as she regained consciousness
after that incident.
Told me she decided to live
under her English name. Sarah Kim.
so her husband couldn't find her.
Said she was gonna live
a completely new life.
She told me that once Boudoir
had found its footing.
she wanted me
to help manage one of its stores.
She asked me to help her start it all up.
So following Eun-jae's instructions.
the person I entertained…
Choi Chae-u.
You bought those empty words?
You really expect me to buy that?
You know what?
I believed her because I had to.
We…
we even agreed
to spend our future together.
Nice house.
-Maybe it's just nice to have money.
-Mm.
I'm so glad you like it.
Mm.
Take it. It's a present.
Hmm?
Mm.
I'll visit a lot.
Hmm.
Didn't mean the key.
-I signed the contract under your name.
-What?
Wha…
Let's start fresh
and forget all about the past.
They say you get so much sun here.
you won't need an alarm now.
From now on. you'll be in bed at night
and wake up in the morning.
Why aren't you saying anything?
Uh…
Hang on a minute.
About your car keys back then…
I. uh. stole them from you.
Yeah. I know.
Uh. are you serious?
I guess the prestigious Oxford
doesn't make sure women know
how to avoid bad guys. do they?
Seriously. out of everyone
after Hong Seong-sin.
I'm the one you pick?
Don't you think people are quite strange?
I've heard love transcends borders.
age. prestige. even gender.
Then fingers get pointed at couples
who dive into love like that.
I'm ready now for us
to deal with anything.
Are you?
Yes. I am.
Whatever it is.
I'll make it happen if it's for you.
Tell me. what can I do to help?
Do you happen to know
the location where people lie the most?
In bed.
Oh. I thought you had said
you were gonna quit smoking.
The smoking pills don't agree with me.
Oh.
Chairman Shin of GL singled me out.
She asked me to come
to Seongbuk-dong tomorrow.
And so?
And so…
I told her that I quit my job.
I just got forced into unemployment.
Take responsibility.
I'll find you something at the office
so you can start working soon. hon.
I'm pleased you decided
to visit us here at Boudoir.
Everyone get out of here. Right now!
-Clear the room. please. Quickly.
-You as well.
Thank you. Ms. Choi.
Did you know.
since living here…
…I haven't seen the sun even once.
There's gonna be a cold snap
starting the day of the party.
I wanted to have the first part outdoors.
Hey.
I wanna stop this.
It grosses me out.
The whole thing.
Boudoir has properly established itself
by now.
I'm telling Chae-u about it all
and quitting my job.
Why are you talking like this?
-Kim Eun-jae.
-Sarah Kim.
Call me Sarah Kim.
Yes.
Someone left something at my door.
Um. I wanna review the visitor log.
Sure. Just a sec.
-You're in apartment 1102. right?
-Yeah.
The only visitor is Sarah Kim.
according to the log.
Sarah Kim?
Yes. Sarah Kim.
WHALE 2
Yes. hi.
Oh. did I wake you?
It's just that I wanted
to ask you a question.
You said your husband's president
of the Oxbridge alumni society. yeah?
Uh-huh. Then could you look up someone
who used to go there?
Name's Sarah Kim.
Born in '86.
It was
an outright. albeit subtle threat.
I'd already been involved too long.
So she knew
I wasn't gonna report it or anything.
Why do you think
she went through all that?
She probably needed me
to scam Choi Chae-u.
If she had even pretended to deceive me.
I would have let her
keep thinking she'd fooled me.
Like how I faked it initially…
then fell in love with her
for real eventually.
But she obviously knew all of that.
She knew how I felt
and still did what she did.
God damn it!
You're gonna swindle me?
Fucking bitch!
Fuck!
Stupid.
God damn it.
Hong Seong-sin.
Hong Seong-sin's number. Get it for me.
I went to Hong Seong-sin then.
I told him. "I actually conspired
with Kim Eun-jae to murder you for money."
I said.
"You got played into a sham marriage."
I told him the whole fucking story.
And then. after that.
a few days later.
on TV. they said they found
an unidentified body in the sewer.
I knew as soon as I saw it.
It's Eun-jae.
So Hong Seong-sin
killed Sarah. you're saying?
No.
I was the one who killed her.
I killed her. What the fuck did I do?
Oh my God.
I killed Kim Eun-jae and Sarah Kim!
INTERROGATION IN PROGRESS
He was literally blinded by love.
I don't know.
It was exactly what you'd expect of a guy
whose job it is to fake emotions.
Didn't you see the man's face
when he talked?
If that was acting.
I mean. Jesus. what's real?
Didn't you sense he was speaking in a way
that was only favorable to himself?
Kang Ji-hwon is the sole recipient
of this entire con.
which at least makes him an accessory.
He's lost way too much to suggest
he's acquired financial gains.
Not something to say while wearing nothing
but expensive luxury goods
from socialites.
"I was following orders.
I was mentally impaired from alcohol."
"I am the victim here."
Typical stuff bad guys always say.
Ah. appreciate it.
Thanks very much.
I was suffering recently
from kidney failure.
I only found out my kidneys were shot
after they were already totally ruined.
At the hospital.
they told me there was no solution
other than a transplant.
But siblings
that were born from the same womb.
the wife I divorced. my estranged kids.
God. even close friends
that I'd known for 40 years
rejected my request for a transplant.
When I was drowning in booze.
behaving as though my life
was already done…
I met her then.
She worked under the name
"Du-a" back then.
Eun-jae. I mean.
I can't stand
the sight of you. so get out!
Hurry up!
Who are you?
Oh…
Well. it's past closing time now.
Thought you should at least
settle the check.
Get lost.
Go on. take it.
Thank you very much.
You're wealthy. Why do you live like this?
Aren't you leaving?
I'll give you something worth your watch.
How I had lived my life
and how I was dying.
I told her all about it.
I guess I just wanted to talk
to anyone who would listen.
I'll be your donor.
For 500 million.
You want to do an organ trade. do you?
I'm saying we should have a fake marriage.
How can I trust you?
Just pay after. then.
And so
Du-a jumped headfirst into my dull life.
where I had been simply waiting
for the day I died.
RESIDENT REGISTRATION
KIM EUN-JAE
Use that one.
The first thing we did
was get her a new identity.
"Kim Eun-jae."
It was the name I gave her.
That's how we became a married couple.
No love. no respect.
no reverence. no truth.
no duty. and no vows.
That's the marriage we had just begun.
In cases of organ transplants
between spouses.
it is a requirement to have at least
one year of legal marriage.
so we set the fake marriage period
to two years.
Of course. our age gap was abnormal
in everyone's eyes.
And even I would have found
the sudden marriage suspicious.
Oxford. huh?
If anyone questions you about your major.
just say you paid
to have your thesis written.
Shouldn't feign knowledge poorly.
Wouldn't that create hostility?
Because then I'm stupid and unethical.
They'll overlook your ignorance
and simply remember
that you had enough wealth
to afford to buy your degree.
They'll be more surprised
by your honesty than your denial.
Claiming you'd graduated from Oxford
by having someone work for you.
they'll have
the everlasting impression of you
as a forthright and accomplished woman
who is genuinely wealthy.
Naturally. in order
to convince people that it was legitimate.
I needed to craft a story
that would offset all suspicions.
If you're this smart.
why don't you manage your own reputation?
You're very well known
for being a ruthless loan shark.
Because that's what I want to be known as.
Go out and do some shopping.
Can't have you looking like a hostess.
Please do not move.
KIM EUN-JAE - F
-Don't rub. Press down firmly.
-Okay.
When I was young.
there was a friend who teased me endlessly
about my family giving out daily loans.
One day. that jerk had become
the owner of a failing company
and sought me out. asking for a loan.
What do you think I did?
You refused him?
I did lend it to him.
So much so that he'd never be able
to repay it in his lifetime.
Enough for him to die
and his son to inherit the debt
to be repaid.
Then one day.
that man's son brought me that pine tree.
Said it came from the family plot
where his father was buried.
That it's worth well over 500 million won.
I don't know what got into me then.
but I wrote off the rest of the debt
in exchange for that pine tree.
It was the only act of kindness
I ever granted.
Kindness?
How is that kindness?
Because I'm a loan shark.
and I backed out on being a loan shark.
I wouldn't have done it that way.
I would have promised it. but not lent it.
You would win and hurt him.
and it would cost nothing at all.
Continued misfortune
is far less painful
than a ray of hope vanishing.
Interesting.
Loan sharking
seems more suited to you than me.
I'll pay double in the near future.
Oh. and why do you seem so unwell?
Is it because your young wife
is draining all your energy?
I guess I'm just too old now.
Oh. come on. Get a grip.
Anyway. kids today are shrewd.
You think I'd get swindled out of money
when that's how I make a living?
I've already had my will notarized.
Oh. of course.
Ah.
I gotta take this.
I brought you some tea.
In order to convince people
that it was legitimate.
I needed to craft a story
that would offset all suspicions.
Just do as we practiced earlier.
Today's goal is to make credible people
witnesses to our relationship.
Okay.
Don't try too hard to impress them either.
It'll make you look desperate.
Do I seem desperate?
You're asking whether you seem
desperate with desperation.
That's only because
that's the way you see me.
We should create an underwater tunnel
that connects Seoul and Jeju Island
and do it via KTX.
Do you think the airport authorities…
Not a single person
who was in attendance there
seemed to doubt
Eun-jae's background or origins.
That's why I bought the airport.
It was a no-brainer.
When do you plan on supplying this. sir?
Uh-huh. Yeah. all right.
That guy seems like a con artist.
When we met last time.
he said he was an equestrian.
Now he said
he swam across the Korean Strait.
Next time. he'll likely tell you
he's an expert shooter.
Last time.
you fronted him a large sum of money.
You should probably verify his identity.
Think so?
Businessmen and con artists
do tend to be pretty much the same.
But… there's just one thing
that sets businessmen apart
from con artists.
You know what it is?
Even if they start out bluffing.
that isn't necessarily how it ends.
What are you doing?
You need to undergo dialysis
every six hours.
I realize appearing weak bothers you.
but you don't need to worry with me.
-I'll get your buttons.
-I'll do it. Get out!
You're trembling.
Before I knew it.
Eun-jae had become someone
who knew me better than I knew myself.
About earlier.
what did you say for everyone
to laugh like that?
I complained about you.
I see you had fun.
It was sad.
Because it was all fake.
All of it wasn't.
Occasionally.
when you let your guard down.
you don't realize
your true self comes out. do you?
You're even more oblivious
that that's who people like even more.
That's the problem.
Not even I know
where the fabrications begin
and where the truth ends.
I'm starting to get confused.
Do you regret it?
I only realized this
after I started living with you.
Wealth is not a state of being.
It's an aura.
And this feeling…
would have been better left unknown.
Eun-jae!
I'll call an ambulance.
so be strong for me.
You asked if I regretted it.
I don't.
What should I do?
I've started wanting
to continue living as Kim Eun-jae.
Eun-jae. Eun-jae!
You're awake. Thank God.
Are your kidneys okay?
The moment she regained consciousness.
do you know what the first words
out of Eun-jae's mouth were?
Are your kidneys okay?
Be sure to keep the funeral simple.
Cremate the body
and scatter the ashes in my hometown.
And finally.
I'd like for all of my assets
to be bequeathed to Kim Eun-jae.
Your staff are outside now.
They've all been waiting
for quite a while.
wanting to greet you in person.
I'm just gonna stop by the house quickly.
I'll pack a bag while I'm there.
Get someone to do it.
It's just
I'm restless being couped up in here.
I'll be quick.
Okay.
Give him your thumb now. Come on.
You better hurry. Make some money now.
The day before the surgery.
I found out the truth
about Eun-jae's identity.
I found out that Eun-jae took loans
from loan sharks.
which is how she ended up
working at a bar.
CHAIRMAN HONG SEONG-SIN
And that it was with one of my companies.
The One Capital.
It was around two years ago.
That bitch borrowed money
from The One Capital.
We went to some department store
to demand payment once.
We lost contact with her after that.
but here she was.
She didn't stop by the house.
I think the bitch already ran off.
I would've promised it but not lent it.
You would win and hurt him.
and it would cost nothing at all.
Continued misfortune
is far less painful
than a ray of hope vanishing.
CHAIRMAN
What happened?
We caught her.
She's been preparing
to stow away on a boat for months.
She approached you with ulterior motives
to con you from the very beginning.
Let her go.
Sir?
I haven't lost anything.
I'm the one who agreed
to be fooled in the first place.
So how is that a con?
They say people change
when it's their time to die.
I started to think
that it was all my karma.
Why?
You're awake.
Why did you go through
with the transplant?
You could've just let me die.
Then you would have inherited
everything for yourself.
Hmm. I'll wait a little longer
to get it. then.
Judging how you look.
it shouldn't be too long.
I wonder if Eun-jae
felt the same way I did.
I'm not sure about that.
One thing's for sure.
At least in that moment.
a con artist backed out
on being a con artist.
KIM EUN-JAE
And then she disappeared.
as though she never existed
in the first place…
…with a pine tree worth 500 million won.
I'll contact a landscaping company
and have it restored within the day.
Let's just leave it.
Did she go through with the transplant?
How the hell else
would I still be alive right now?
MEDICAL RECORDS
ORGAN DONATION CONSENT
DONOR
KIM EUN-JAE
RECIPIENT
HONG SEONG-SIN
It wasn't there.
There were no signs of surgery
on the body.
Sarah Kim's alive.
SEOUL METROPOLITAN POLICE AGENCY
PRESS CONFERENCE
Hello. Park Mu-gyeong
of the Seoul Metro Police Agency.
Violent Crimes Investigation Unit.
Let's begin the briefing.
The suspect has been confirmed
to have lived under false identities.
changing their name. nationality. job.
and educational background
at least three times over several years.
Considering the intensity of the crime.
we are issuing a public search
for the suspect with immediate effect.
Anyone who knows the suspect's
real identity or has seen them recently
is urged to inform the Seoul Metro Police
Violent Crimes Unit immediately.
Do you know when we find missing people
who have disappeared on their own terms?
When they come back on their own terms.
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.com ] ==-